[docs] Add TanStack Router routing example (#44930)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/integrations/routing/routing.md

    );
  }
  ```

### TanStack Router

> TanStack Router supports custom links through the `createLink` helper function. More information about [`createLink`](https://tanstack.com/router/latest/docs/framework/react/guide/custom-link) can be found in their documentation.

Reviewer: Some copyediting here:
- one sentence per line
- more details about the snippet provided
- passive —> active voice ("...can be found" vs. "See...")
- more details about the doc link

```suggestion
TanStack Router supports custom links through its `createLink` helper function. 
The snippet below shows the most basic implementation, wrapping a Material UI Link component.
See [TanStack Router—Custom Link](https://tanstack.com/router/latest/docs/framework/react/guide/custom-link) for more component integration examples.
```
